Add documentation for the release process (#83)
giantswarm/kubectl-gs: docs/release.md

# How to publish a release

Create a new release in just a few steps:

1. Make sure you're on the master branch, and pull the latest changes.

    ```
    git checkout master
    git pull origin master
    ```

2. Create a new branch in the shape of `master#release#v<MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH>` and push it to the remote repository

    For example, for the `v1.0.0` version:

    ```
    git checkout -b master#release#v1.0.0
    git push origin master#release#v1.0.0
    ```

3. You will be assigned to a Pull Request in the GitHub repository, after the GitHub workflow finishes running. You can check its status [here](https://github.com/giantswarm/kubectl-gs/actions), by looking at the `Create Release PR` workflow.

4. Ask for a Pull Request review from your team or the project owners. After getting it approved and ready to go, squash and merge it.

> 5. The release creation will trigger a GitHub workflow, which will create a tag, a new release, package the build artifacts and attach them to the newly created release.

Reviewer: If I got it right, then this needs slight rephrasing:

```suggestion
5. The PR merge will trigger a GitHub workflow, which will create a tag, a new release, package the build artifacts and attach them to the newly created release.
```
